19th Jan 2026
=============

Better support for Irish Trigs:
Grid references are now shown in Irish grid format
The thumbnail map on the details pages defaults to OpenTopoMap
.
Dark mode is now available:
Click the button in the titlebar to switch between light, dark and auto modes
.
Active stations are now separately toggleable in the map and trigpoint list pages
User-added is no longer a category, and these are now listed under "Other" until they have been reviewed
.
The trigpoint list now defaults to a maximum distance of 200km, to improve performance
Ensure you push it back up to ∞ before downloading, if you want the whole UK dataset
.
Fixed the forum's Attachments tab. You can now upload photos / screenshots and include them in forum posts.



25 Jan 2026
===========

Better support for counties:
Added 1991 counties to the area list
Added breakdown by county (and country, OS map etc) to profile page

Updated "Log this trig" tile
Photos can now be added when entering logs, rather than only being available on the log edit screen
Photos can be rotated prior to submission, or from within the log edit screen

More granular physical types
For now, expect clumsy repetition, such as 'Active station · Active Station'
Over time this will become a two-tier 'Intersected · Flagstaff', 'Pillar · Vanessa' etc
However the Android app needs to be updated before I can roll this out any further

Updated profile map:

Misc:
Avoid repetition of trigpoint details on log lists

Admin:
Added page for adding new trigs
Added maintenance pages for type hierarchy, condition and status
Added comparison between T:UK and OS Net active station data


02 Feb 2026

Main map scrolls more smoothly, with better caching and faster update of markers
Small map now has lock icon allowing it to be panned
County in trig details page now obtained from official shapefiles
Fixed waypoints for new trigs
Animated map of OSGB36 timeline
Cleaned data for OSGB36 and moved trigpoints
Added "Original location" field for moved trigpoints
Small map on trig detail pages can now be expanded to fullscreen


01 Mar 2026

Eye candy
Added rotating Flush Bracket to homepage
Added Hotine pillar disassembly video to Wiki homepage

Data cleansing
More accurate coastline for the RoI, so eg islands off the Cork coastline are now recognised as being in Ireland
New admin screen comparing the TrigpointingUK database of Irish trigpoints with Clochandichter's curated spreadsheet.  Thousands of discrepancies shown, which I'll work on cleaning up over the coming weeks.

UI improvements
Started work on a more <link> user-friendly trigpoint list, which has finer-grained filtering, while hopefully not increasing complexity.  Feedback welcomed!

Android app
GPS coordinates must be explicitly added
Bug fix for login sequence where open links in app is disabled
Bug fix (hopefully!) for session timeouts requiring re-authentication

Known bugs
Mapping of trigpoints to map sheets not trustworthy - investigating


?? Apr 2026

Frontend
User profile avatar can now be updated
Added facebook links for trigs and logs
Support for more legacy URLs

Database
Refined data for Irish trigpoints (ongoing)

Backend
Improved automated tests
Sitemap for crawlers


